well welcome welcome to your mom's house
[Music]
my mom I gotta head at all
listen to the show my mom mom yeah he
likes dance calm lad and he knew our
website well I have some baggage I'm on
Mars is everything it's every other
thought ha'la'tha tell Rachel zoton ohh
I think I was brilliant start the show
it's so major there we go we know you
begin you sir I think man milk Monday's
is the best day of the week in the
sexiest also because man milk it's
really the most powerful way to start
today it's full of vitamins and protein
but it's really strong and it was so
very very happy Oh is my auntie don't
bring anyone love into this no bomb
enough understand well welcome welcome
to your mom's house
with Tom Segura
[Music]
as I my mouth man - bah-bah-bah-bah
okay guys Nikki became you sir I think
man's milk is the best day of the week
what's wrong now
yeah what's wrong with her mouth what do
happening it's it's a she's doing it on
purpose right it's like a sexy thing to
do area man she's over over
pronounciating pronounciating
pronounciating initiating the word I say
this a lot on Instagram stories and on
general on the internet a lot of girls
like to talk even sexier and they like
to freeze their faces I'll only talk
with her mouth that's hot
Alya I was watching I want I won't call
out who but she was doing a video and
her whole face was frozen comedian or no
yeah and but it just just the bottom jaw
move it was very close oh I already know
all right no yeah I am talking about a
guy that looks like her hi that looks
like her yeah and I I and I'm sure
there's you know reasons for it oh
there's reasons yeah yeah which I do -
I'm not throwing stones because I've
done all solvable I've injected things
into my face but haha but the whole
thing is uh so sex I honestly believe
that if everybody started their day with
man milk we could potentially achieve
world peace because after you have it
you're just so happy and energetic
yes chickens what's up dude she's
promoting man milk
this is funny because I I do think a lot
of women think that if they act this way
that out like they're going to win a lot
of male approval they are but it's but
but is she really winning your heart in
mind or is it yeah I think isn't working
is what I'm saying yes what are you
talking this works
wait houses not working what part of you
think this is not working I mean cuz she
marry you
based on her man milk Mondays my mama
bear
about your brother would you marry your
brother no she look like if he was like
this yeah I want to be non-binary top
season at the bottom T ah
did she just bleach the tops look kind
of as I get in this Frank just for a
dental I mean I'm this is an this is not
an official dental update Jonathan
McDonald I'm not gonna that's why I'm
saying it's not officials is off the
record
yeah you have a cleaning coming up
Monday oh you're doing and you're doing
the laser whitening the same day okay
I was this not an official dental update
I'm sorry I mean how is it not a sorry
I just got excited and my brain is
working slowly today I'm so sorry
okay I'm sorry do you want to search for
the well to search for it hanger
whatever it's called stinger it's right
here but I don't know why you would um
ignore our agreements with dental
updates are dental updates from dental
time only I know what you're doing is
wrong
I'm sorry but was well because that's
really your dental update not mine
that's why I don't want to I like this
yes I'm going on kind of feeling it
today on Monday I'm doing a double
whammy teeth cleaning and whitening eye
and I have cautioned you and I really
wish you would take my word of caution
that that's a lot of painful shit in one
day I'm not a woman I don't have bad
days oh that's my favorite babies ever
said to soften yeah
so I'm serious though I should heights
you don't feel it you don't feel that
laser whitening you know why I'm doing
it though yeah doing is you have yellow
buttery popcorn Tino they're you know
they're nice but they're not they're not
I'm not going to make two trips I'm
doing it for my own because I know
myself so it's like you had me there I'm
like a scientist sign me up for it and I
made the same exact mistake when I had
my crown put on and then I go yeah I'm
already there why not that's why I
tapped out of the whitening early yeah
because I was overwhelmed with pain and
you know why you were overall with him
though you haven't been having you might
understand that not everybody is in a
relationship but get a boyfriend get a
girlfriend have fun life is short have
sex but of course be safe don't get an
STD out there protect yourself
have a partner but definitely enjoy life
man milk is so amazing so amazing to me
many of you have been saying but it's
not vegan Mexican clay because it is an
animal product as humans are mammals but
if you look up the definition of vegan
is actually about not taking advantage
of the animals and not using their
products stealing away really their
products for your own benefit right so
if you're a girl any of a boyfriend and
he gives you his man milk you're not
taking advantage of anybody if anything
that is a win-win situation so
technically it's safe guys I kind of
feel like I would like to start maybe
that position maybe start that movement
but man milk is vegan and it is harmful
to the mammal and that you're taking my
product my male model you know what
manager I can't help but think of our
initial business proposal of calm
and didn't we do unto like the pump
station where you could go and you could
have different races and they would come
and then you could choose your flavor
like a Latin guy's jizz or a cum gum or
one of your own fantasies miss come down
was to have different flavors from
different men in the middle of the gum
like a tight like that tidal wave tool
you have this new pump station fantasy
that I don't know we came up with this
air like ages ago I remembered the pump
station this is no it's not called the
pump station
it's called it was like Jamba Juice it
was like different come smoothies and it
was different guy okay that's ringing a
bell let's go but some gum is all these
different guys of different races yeah
are dumping their loads and yeah I can
come out of it and it's like Mentos
where you can buy everybody's watching
us right now no and they're like what
about these two for a new sitcom yo
check him out and then we're talking
they're like though welded up there's
something not right something wrong um
yeah so I mean she's a really cool chick
though I like her I think she's cool
yeah I think the the veganism angle is
very important I really you know I never
really thought of the fact that you were
totally taking advantage of me but I
will say that he is enlightening me in
that regard so what are you saying that
you want back payment for all the free
loads well I just feel like you know
that you're just using me as an animal
for this product and that that is a mean
it's a level of disrespect it's about
manipulation and I just deserve credit
for and maybe maybe I would like you to
stop taking advantage of me you know
maybe that's what I'm saying well we
have what have we used your product for
other than making our son I mean I don't
really use your product for much else
using on Mondays to feel good to feel
powerful so strong nothing makes you
feel a strong because that's part of
your week I never said that I said that
before
hey guys you can begin you sir I think
man mill de Menezes the best damn bleep
in the factory also the best man rapping
it's really the most powerful way to
start your day full of diction in
different routines that makes you really
strong she's very very hairy and what so
happy master back since what is this
accent that she has be some vitamins so
we know where we're talking we're
talking mom stray Leah maybe New Zealand
maybe England maybe uh who else's
vitamins it's like a British thing yeah
but she doesn't have the action anywhere
else no but she talks she does talk
weird it's not America if you can detect
them in here and by weird I mean not
American at man milk drink it slurp it
to a vegan enjoy that man milk drink it
slurp it suck it lick it
did I say lick it already but definitely
enjoy it guys I have a happy milk man
milk Monday hopefully you guys all get a
little bit of man milk out of your
system and into your girlfriends or
boyfriends on vice versa enjoy each
other guys my my theory is that she's
European
but she moved many years ago like Canada
or the u.s. yeah
and so she has a hint of an accent maybe
she moved when she was like 9 or 10 yes
but she but there is something you know
there's something there or sentiment of
your vitamin so maybe to the Canadian
say vitamin no I don't think so
but no I say vitamin C yeah wait a
minute I'm Canadian as you know this
you're Canadian and Ontario we didn't
take vitamins no no and Windsor the
thylakoid slurp it suck it we drink beer
for vitamins yeah on Windsor and milk
it's really the most powerful way to
start your day so stupid what is a dummy
cool what are you talking about dope
what a dope a disrespectful no joke I am
so envious I cannot stop thinking and we
haven't been able to stop making fun of
the MU soup lady oh my god I never was
the blue tube we thought that was one of
the most amazing women people ever ever
to appear on this
ever come down later for myself yeah oMG
Oh people have sent in their photo
submissions of what they imagined that
she looks like they're out of control i
retweeted a few them amazing yeah have
you seen what they say
um no see if I can pull no but it's
really someone wrote in and they're like
we in Canada we have these types of
people they live on the river and
they're like they claim to be broke but
they can afford water toys a lot which I
thought was like this one it's so
indicative right like I'm poor but I can
afford like a jet ski and a boat alright
we're free Melissa that was great
Louie Anderson from the what's the shot
goals or something but just a quick
galvanic is show yeah that's so family
and in that show is like and it like
it's perfect you guys come in Decimus so
many is like going down me and we you
too
I feel like I'm down here for myself I
feel like yeah I feel like she should
probably charged her the sex crimes yeah
you know I can almost hear the
prosecutor yeah saying like defendant
your honor
came over to my victim forced herself
upon him and did horrific things that
frankly we do not want even described
here in this courthouse dirty bitch you
know it's like this you can you can feel
that she is so many bottoms yeah like
they're like I was real fucked up I was
damn it I was having fucking moose suit
back then with this lady can't
it was rather what's her name we we
haven't given her Cheyenne
she is kind of a Trish you know oh she's
a Trish she really got down there myself
yeah a Karen area yeah seriously that's
what I picture Hey what I'm waiting
exist and that lady yeah yeah yeah oh my
god that's what this is we found our
treasure found true this is totally her
that's what she's oh my god I didn't put
that together
and I looked up the recipe for moose
soup okay because I'm like this is this
real no I'll be real it is real people
put chunks of moose and now here's the
thing it's actually very similar to
Hungarian Goulash lavage that's what
yeah goulash lavage very much liver
it's a goulash soup it's very similar
except they use moose meat and there's
puppet guy in there onion Marlene was
Lewis watch my lashes like I just said
paprika onion some kind of meat in there
what couldn't be milky moves pepper
flavor yeah yeah that's a thing it's
it's just a stew but I think they put
paprika in it that's what I read about
blue soup so it's very similar oh very
sort of us Trish that's the trash oh
through god damn it
not for sure she's so nasty she's mass
Onis she's not a nasty is you and your
acrobatic farts lately acrobatic parts
yeah I've been noticing and I don't know
if it's because it's a summer dad time
and your area time I got shorts on right
now yeah I got summer shoes on yeah
you're kind of like on my velcro straps
on yeah you're feeling free and were
those little shoes at work you know
they're like ugly sand oh yeah but for
kids you let it go right yeah queued on
he ripped them off promptly I took him
outside and then he was like yeah look
he look like he should come on I know
quia yeah so I take them off our boy but
you've been taking a lot of license with
your your acrobatic fart I don't I don't
I mean I'm doing it the regular I do my
hand gestures I do like a puncher like a
gunshot thing here sometimes a leg kick
but don't think it's any different than
you know another time this yeah you've
been doing
out of the diaper me baby where you pull
your legs out I got back but not a lot a
couple more no I feel like it's been a
lot more frequent right pull the legs up
and like change me in the night yeah I
did that one I did that spitting up with
me I did it sitting up and it got like a
real interesting pitch on it oh my god
the best one though we were in the
living room and the nanny was over and
we were playing with LJ and then the
nanny and LJ go out of the room and then
you rip a horrendous fart yeah and then
you're like oh I gotta take a shit and
then you leave me there with the fart
and the whole time I'm thinking oh no
the nanny's gonna come back in here and
she's gonna smell yeah this fart and
she's gonna blame it on me and I kept
planning my story I was gonna I was
gonna tell her like Tom farted
you know she's raised three boys she
knows what farts smell like sure she
knows that those are man farts - yeah
and she didn't watch can I thank guys
you know if we're talking about this I
figure we should bring up this email
okay hi mommies after originally hearing
about your podcast through Tom when he
was on Joe Rogan I subsequently became
addicted to listening to all the
shenanigans YouTube provide for us all
your segments are hilarious and the way
the sound board gets worked during the
episodes makes my nip hard enough to cut
glass or sorry enough to glass I am
touching base to provide a small jingle
that I created for your Brown talk
segments I love the locomotive theme
that you use when we provide another
sound file you can use in case you want
to mix it up I took some of the clips
you've mentioned over the past month or
so in the podcast composed a small
arrangement to accompany at I'm a
lifelong musician having experienced
both instruction and live performance a
complete novice when it comes to mixing
audio clips on my Mac oh good glad we
included them yeah if the file for any
reason does it sound quite right let me
know I can edit send it back to you well
here we go this is Lee Vaughn's
submission he signed off by saying tom
is a personality champ that bird is once
again fat leave on submission of a new
brown talk theme so Kathy what you think
okay here we go
ready holy Sh
[Music]
[Applause]
it's got a lot of elements I enjoy it's
got the Jane oh my god you guys Oh
discussing I liked it I like to chant
it's good thank you leave on thank you
leave on not love on leave on hmm so you
an email can we go into some choice ones
that I got yeah absolutely
I'm not saying hold on I want to see
that there's a number of interesting
ones that came in yeah I know I know I
know I want to find that we've been
asking about blind people and if they
can hold on let me make sure sorry I'm
sorry I thought I had this ear ago she's
a blind guy on the blind wipe so we
asked this question two or three weeks
ago now how do blind people know when
they're done wiping and we've had a lot
of different theories
Tom's theory was that you go barehanded
and you smell your fingers to see if the
WIPO done to which I replied why would
you use your bare hands yeah I just try
the toilet paper well I think blind you
are more obvious more in like in touch
with the real senses and they don't
really like to use okay so hey mom was
your friend uh yeah I'm a blind guy and
I believe I have answers to some of your
question right yeah first off in
response to your guesses I can't stress
this enough you cannot smell the paper
paper is unruly you're more likely to
give yourself a dirty sanchez than
anything else how about that smelling
your fingers while safer than paper
still isn't viable the paper acts as a
barrier muddying the results if you will
second as you probably heard when you
lose one sense the others get better
hey know a blind person's sense of touch
much like Bert's current weight is off
the scale when wiping I can tell from
the friction during the wiping process
if it needs more moving between the
nerves and the brown eye the crack and
my fingertips the speed and ease at
which the paper moves
and years of experience you learn what
glass in a clean uncanny valley feels
like amazing yeah isn't that interesting
he had vision and then he lost it so
he's had both of both sides of the fence
is unbelievable yeah it's pretty
interesting stuff huh yeah that's crazy
I also got another mg so good goddamn it
yeah this guy's blind he can just you
know he's got a great sense of touch
oMG so also we asked can blind people be
racist No
so this person writes in hey Hitler's I
was just glass in the lays podcast when
mommy Tina read the email wondering if
blind people can be racist a subject I
have some experience and I'm friends
with a girl who has been blind since
birth and me and my friends have made
her guess the races of people in a room
and she always gets it right no I'm not
saying she's racist but blind people can
definitely tell what race people are
just by the way they speak hi Anthony
yeah that makes sense yeah and the guy's
name before that was Ray thank you Ray
for sending that email and about wiping
very interesting very and you know
so I'm guessing she's talking about
maybe diction right like you can she
hear the voices ago that's a asian guy
that's black guy can I tell you that
when I listen to the radio I can often
tell black people yeah I can hear it
there's a different cloth like I you
know you can just big words you know no
I don't I don't think that and I know
it's been that big words no babe was I
don't I don't it's not what I'm talking
about
hi personality observation and water
champ also hi Tom okay that's it that's
the red plug for you a lot also my body
mint in addition to all those things but
he means and then hi Donna
I like this email already love the
episode with our e shave her he is a
very funny non Jewish Jewish
man near the end of the episode when
talking about the houses you've done the
podcast and I couldn't help but inquire
where these homes were you know on
account of me being a complete creep of
poly by non-binary I happen to notice on
the Google's map that Silver Lake is
right next to just Glassell Park have
you ever lived there and why don't you
live there currently thanks gene Rick in
Canada where does he live
we lived in quote over the last L Park
without what that wasn't totally near
near near no but no we lived in Silver
Lake he's right about that I mean you
want to say what streets we lived on I
don't know I'm kind of I'm trying to
figure out where this park is I forget
where it is Glassell Park is the city I
think next to it okay it's like a tiny
little sea here yeah see not Washington
that's where hipsters are now - oh right
right
Atwater and then Silver Lake before our
yeah Glen nil Eagle Rock oh yeah we
didn't live in just classical partner
what Unseld related to plight of a
realism or we're over here right yeah
over here near the red liner yeah so
yeah yeah I was here once oh I'm sober
like Boulevard when I was dating you and
then I lived over here yeah yeah that's
fun that was fun I enjoyed Silver Lake
and the reason I mean there's a few
reasons we don't currently live there I
think we are cool it's Bob yeah it's
very you know for us we just kind of got
lame we got it we had a kid and we
wanted to have more sprawl - I look I
have a lot of cool faddle hipster
friends too many
there's too many in the neighborhood
she's too much well I I remember being
in my late 30s and going to the traders
Joe there and just seeing too many guys
with ironic hats and mustaches nothing
I'm done I was never that guy I could
live around them for a while I can't run
Sam yeah
say hey it's really kind of I know some
person a racist because hipsters are you
head ster phobic or yeah that's fucking
that's how I am they respect their
pronouns I should have been a little
more respectful of it but I just went
for it you know I just went for
Hey hi how are you what's your name
what's your pronoun tell you this
dear Sirs Cristina the counterfactual
champion repeatedly claims in accordance
with her mother's ancient gypsy wisdom
I'll turn it in fact guys first push the
shit out yes they do this is fake news
what tom has never once challenged this
obviously false statement shame on both
of you think about it dummies you should
add then fart a bunch No
you fart a bunch then shit right as far
as push the shit out listen therefore
obviously the shits push the farts out
scientifically speaking this is super
fucking obvious the poop makes gas and
the gas escapes pushed along by the poof
I mean come on love forever double pipe
slut wipe my triple D's let what yeah so
what you're saying is farts don't push
the shit out
so far yeah it's a total mind blowing
but doing get it wrong is we're going
out of the cart before the horse forever
we've got it we got it all right
dammit damn is right shit cannot believe
this
[Music]
whole world is changed you want to say
it to your mother if she were here you
want to tell her mom yeah this whole
time we had it wrong you had a wrong mom
it's not the farts Aplysia shit I
shouldn't push my flies out but you know
what we can do now that we are armed
with this knowledge yeah we can teach
our son the right way we can break the
chain in the family KnowledgeTree tell
our son the right thing train him if you
will
oh by the way I'm so excited that our
son has started making fart noises with
his mouth that's awesome and he's really
started to take to the fart humor
the fart book books that I bought him
it's all coming together sorry flash
there's a super Brown episode there's an
email here my horrible first hit this
hour I just imagine me rolling so bad
whatever it may be I can coach this
person hey mommy's I recently had my
first shit to shower experience but
things didn't go so well I was having a
day where even the softest of sevens
were being put out to shame I'm talking
straight-up pissing out of my ass so
after I made brown and white to no avail
I hopped in the shower to clean up some
more in the middle of all this I
realized I had to shit again obviously
I'm soaking wet can't get back on the
toilet so I decided to go straight down
the shower no no no the worst part is I
had to bend over and clean my fucking
feet I couldn't help but feeling low and
loose for the rest of the day I was so
ashamed of what I had done
any advice for this first-time shower
shitter what are you what is your
experience with shower browns thanks do
still listen heightened smooth there's
so many things you did wrong okay number
one you never shut down your shower
drain I feel like that's just a given
and I should have been more explicit
when I talked about my methods never
ever shit in the shower that's not the
point of shit to shower the point of
shit to shower is to just clean up after
you're done browning so you need to do
is be patient with yourself with your
Brown if you know you're having waves of
painful sevens
give yourself some time why are you
hurrying to the shower you know it's
going to be a longer time so take your
time with your brown yeah and then when
you know you're absolutely finished then
you go shower and if not just dry off
and get back on the toilet I've done
that before too you know what I'm saying
yeah yeah why not just wrap a towel
around yourself and sit down on the
toilet and then go back into the shower
after that it's fine for me so it's
really good advice I think I hope he
listens to you
I got a God you know I got a breakdown
see if I want to see if you can break
down with a juice man talking about here
okay yeah the juice man who's the douche
man man y'all feel rewarded to him with
this shit will be 1,000 where you will
be the bow chair and we go to school for
thousand more for who got their bed pull
up and a drop-top mofo all that bullshit
more focusing right to the side you know
pulling up drunk mother motherfucker
trap em in the club I mean give me a
little good news man you cannot deny
that's not amazing all around this world
looks like me what am I like this
anytime sober entertainment is for the
sober even such a AAA I turn a a
performer he's not an a a performer I
mean he is a what is trap music mean
again what is the trap pussy again it's
just a genre within hip-hop based but
what does it mean that it's trap means
it's a certain style of hip-hop okay
what a more focused museum using it
anything voiceover gonna damn it as for
the sober I thought it for the show book
oh okay
isn't it way saying right there shit
you're the master thanks man it's for
the show bro what entertain voiceover
for the soba see man y'all he who eluded
trap me we could
shit will be 1000 where you will be
about all the females are not abstract
Isaac Seema
okay here we go he went Alfie will order
tech move move this shit will be 1000
the shit will be 1000 yeah yeah 1001
like you know more than a hundred it's
out it's gonna be like on point
oh ok gotcha everybody bow shit you
doing out your head change and go to
school
okay on stroke LaHood yeah Boop thousand
more for who got their bed full open a
drop-top more formal that move shit more
focusing right to the side keep upping
your drop hot with that fat booty girls
ah wow yeah Wow keep wearing to taxon
from this anonymous a southern actually
this is he's Turkish no yeah how he's
not no I don't know where he's from
no but what does that draws out of
southern in the clue
uh sure I'm not sure where he's uh he's
from let's hook it up let's look at that
I'm gonna guess ok I think you're right
right yeah you're right got that
Southern drawl Atlanta yeah Lana yeah
that's funny I like his tattoos so you
think you're a tractor like I don't know
I'd have to hear it that's the thing I
don't really know I'm not really play
yeah I know um you know they're all you
know they're all in the trap selling
drugs um that big China was she was she
traveling you know they give credit to
three 6 mafia for doing like that yeah
so he's cred they're credited with some
of that um trap okay I like that you
like gucci mane
yeah you like Jeezy you took a picture
of him once yeah I did I linked up with
them but of them the coming right from
Atlanta yeah see he's on the same plane
I mean that is trap fuckin Mecca right
table yeah yeah I can see you I could
see you starting like a your own group
man I tried music track pussy music yeah
mom trap pussy
yeah mama pussy mom busy it's all torn
up what did you call your special debt
that's a really good idea you think my
manager would like that I don't know
could you see it
like I'm gonna call it mom pussy like
you get your offer and like they want to
do it you look great it's called mom
pussy sorry I don't think so you know
what's funny the other day you were you
were talking like an old black guy I
forget what you'd love to wear are you
talking about I think you were like
don't look at the TV because I remember
there was I haven't know I had a I had
an old boss he's like 20 years ago I
used to work for it Nate and he was like
you can't go the kids over here looking
at the TV all day and I've heard that
before like older black guys they always
say look at the TV yeah it's such like a
specific phrasing yeah right also it's
on where you staying right restain
staying as opposed like I'm staying over
at staying in this neighborhood I'm
staying at this / not like I'm living
there oh right we're correct yeah that's
a specific difference and I think that's
funny that's interesting on the east
side correct right post I live on right
right yeah that's that very specific
thing but I always loved the idea of
looking at TV yeah look at you good
looking at a TV get over here and kind
of look at the TV and I'm trying to look
at the Jovi which actually if you think
about it makes them you are looking at
the TV goes that's a I think
grammatically and are staying on the
east side correct
correct it's coherent mm-hmm yeah no I
always made me laugh
looking at the TV look at the TV yeah my
old boss used to say that we're wasting
time looking at TV this is so fucking
cool what I'm about to show you okay
you think you're ready and I know that
you're not but okay the thing is this
guy has given us so much and he never
stops giving us that Oh best part I like
that here is V yeah G oh good talking to
people on the up in space they're
literally
he's a slap-up and he's lap up and
they're around like a space station or
something oh boy okay we let the
conversation begin he's going to dad
boner up o nation is Houston
are you ready for the event we're ready
for the event mr. Brooks please call
station for a voice check node station
this is Garth Brooks how do you hear me
look at that it's so there we go can you
hear us yes I can't hear you you shall
then look great over there look at that
smile
Wow is that the is that a real genuine
dad look yes kinda you think this is the
look of a psychopathic see right it is
both and I think this might be the first
authentic moment I've ever seen from
Garth like he's truly Emile he's truly
I'm look this guy is so much money and
fame and popularity in everything
nothing dazzles him anyone the fact that
he's looking at humans in space I think
it genuinely is blowing his dad mind
right now yeah that could be true yeah
true I she can't do too many interviews
on earth when you're you know hanging on
a wall do you guys get used to just that
position or is there any time where the
gravity's at your feet at all is our
room in there you have to wait to get
back okay look at how you missed it just
fucking to all tripolis outside guys can
I use the hallway that position or wait
is there any time where the gravity's at
your feet at all is there a room in
there or you have to wait to get back
such a dad Malcolm then he looks like
his dad jizan right now he's like a man
milk one day and I do think they're
trimming his beard a little too short
they're doing it wrong they're not doing
he needs to see Alan because this is not
a good look all right let's go get great
Sam sorry Sammy standing out sign is hot
as balls all right one good right still
good wait let's let's keep exploring
this really I don't want it this is
really funny I think it's really genuine
can I stop now yeah I'm just excited I
like but stop talking all right um we
ran out and we we brought in something
we found on the streets the great
damn Tripoli thank you know summers got
six trash cans that's my ball I'm like
six trash get of all different colors
man you guys don't fuck around did I
wish we actually had six trash cans we
have two trash cans Oh two recycling
cans yeah and two what is greenery yeah
green like poor people don't recycle and
they don't give a fuck about three words
that's a baller status right now I've
never been like greenery that green
recycling I wash plastic and paper towel
I mean the fucking placement know it's
first of all thank you for coming it's
it's did we ever have you on before yeah
I did the other room and we played in a
sound body some know something a black
guy or a time yeah yeah we played Tom or
black Wow and I did really well did you
yeah it's on my Wikipedia we had we've
had two people almost win it all
I didn't remember if you were that we
had two people get one wrong one or two
wrongs that was a what's-her-name Pat is
Pat and Rogan yeah the first time he was
on and then one guy go oh for 10 and as
a black guy Sydney Castillo yeah he got
zero but that should mean something too
right
that should mean just as amazing that's
true you're right fuck up that bad yeah
yeah and to be black yeah black not to
know your name remember when they try to
use in the OJ Simpson trial like it was
a black voice and they're like that's
kind of racist I don't got a black voice
it's not we were just talking about it
and we're just talking I'd be like I can
tell like when I listen to radio shows
of the caller's black I know 100% or my
favorite thing is is uh Jason TV always
talks like this they should just do a
podcast of Mexican callers in the sports
radio shows because they're so bad and
the radio guys have to kind of like do
patty cakes with them because they don't
want piss off their entire audio source
for everything again I think they should
bring back Kobe Bryant I was like we're
talking about the Dodgers here I don't
know man I think only they're like they
got just talking through it
fucking retard Wady is a black iron no
no I'm gonna say black guy or a guy
wanting to be black
ah true place the other thing you played
me the gentlemen we were just listening
to the trap
oh and to see if he can guess yeah can
you just do the audio do sure no I can
do the audio yeah yeah yeah oh let me
close this I gotta close it so he so
good yeah
so huh let's see can you understand it
y'all feel ooh Lord except move link
that shit will be 1,000 where you will
be bound say when we go to school ooh a
couple thousand more for who got during
the baby pull open a drop-top morphable
that blue shit more focusing right to
the side can you guess the race it's
definitely black and I'm gonna go he's
going to the club and he's thrown
thousand dollars at everybody
oh and his friend comes up with some
bullshit car oh not bad interesting
interpretation yeah it's not correct but
is very often uh no no no but I was I
mean you hit some of the important notes
yeah I think that's really all that
matters
I'd only that guy was looking for you to
you ever see that video with amigos
we're almost got to fight the BT hard
course also good first of all a black
ward shows are the best so they should
just live during Backpage stabbings and
shootings so it's like the two baths are
obviously the AVN's and any black award
show where someone's either going to get
shot or OD so you know something Goods
going to happen there but they had them
on the morning show and these the
literally the black people couldn't
understand what the black people were
saying they think what what you did was
so good it was really amazing
and yet you know I'm funny Ali Wong last
night she told me that she went to that
and I our Instagram well I assumed that
like you know she's a known person that
did shoot
she got tickets to it like she's like I
wanted to be there at the BT war yeah I
thought she was like in but you know
she's a performer I thought she went as
like a celebrity that she was like nyeh
like I requested ticket so like I went
to it like just for fine just to be at
that that's great that's what sounds
like you want yeah I totally look at
these glasses course I wanna go anything
hip hop ah this is how languages start I
mean at one point or a couple people
everyone's talking saying and then just
things get weird and weirder Analia got
Chinese Spanish and all that shit
because everybody just starts talking
their own fucking way I don't know if
Miami extra saw the migos Joe Budden
thing did you know I don't know any guys
are talking about the fucking money like
this like a running joke with with you
be left off that and boozing I love how
bearable about that early again let's
set up our batter booth who's this you
set me up off guard booth yeah do I look
like I'm little granny Bush is that good
luck on blow-up doll patter booth nah I
mean I don't look in like about the
group because ever since where you went
until even though who might see one of
the other yeah movie the collector all
right we got to wrap this up go ahead Oh
things are about to open hey listen man
I wish I could talk to me goes longer
man's one of my favorite groups I've
been covering for so long flat is too
steep
hey man you guys are nominated tonight
have a good show don't they look like
the black Agent Smith from the like
black matrix I mean I thought it was SWV
that's
yeah we're know a bad 70s polyester
shirts you Fred like people could make
everything look good I know they have a
license to make everything cool it's
amazing make anything cool yeah I'm
sorry Dalia when she's pregnant like
feels great I'm getting yeah she's
getting a God they never pull out there
was a I'd be afraid did you see I'm
trying to pull this up I can't get
pregnant twice wait what oh no no that
I'd see I just got bad a terrible did
you see your mom now what Sam session
what are you saying
Black Sea was the video tell nerdiness
the video edit where they they put up
told all the moments from that and push
in on it like there's a a cut of
everything at that migos thing and it
was just like this is zoomed in on
everyone's reactions it's like it's
Maximus it's massively done and they
were able to like isolate everybody's
own reactions to what was going on it
was just amazing and see if I could find
all right keep going keep on you talk
now yes I just love it dude I just I
just love black people
yes I'm gonna get cornrows and I know
you've had it you talked about white
people cornrows I've talked about white
people the cornrows yeah I think I'm
gonna do how much longer can I do corner
I think this is the end of any cornrows
phase I have in the last decade you can
do it this is like last couple years
yeah you can't go deep in your 40s with
cornrows now how long did you here have
to be to do that's the question yeah my
big to the Mexican hairstylist says just
grow the tops the top yes so how long
what does that mean ah like I have my
hair right now just let this thing
rolling yeah you can do that just go
longer and then cornrow it up and look
like straight from Grand Theft Auto that
is such a specific look that would
really change your whole audience I
don't even we're like you said normal
glasses when I went up a ninth I look
like Marc Maron and then I'm like my act
is in Markman and Marc Maron's actress
sonam
yes but we're just two totally different
dude no these glasses Tom and I have
discussed your glasses like just laying
in bed at night Sam Tripoli's glasses
are perfect perfectly
we've had talks about how perfect this
look is for you people get weird by them
they get really angry no personally I
don't think that right right Jake no
yeah I got my description oh no they are
though 100% yeah yeah I did a podcast
because I went to a guy hey are those
are those real glass he goes I go that's
fucking stupid and we just had a huge
blow-up and we never do the podcast Wow
what do you mean I had a podcast called
the international bad boys hour me and
my buddy yeah we're on it and one day
come in and I'm just like are those real
glasses he goes now I go fucking stupid
while he we're in fake glasses and we
just a just kerosene on fire loaded and
we just ended it what was his um his I
mean his thing was I just like the way
they look or what yeah yeah
nothing Jensen I didn't mean anything by
he got really really oh yeah and it just
got really bad who was it my phaser guy
works at the store he we're way cool now
but I'm happy to happen because now I'm
on this new podcast called tinfoil hat
and I just do conspiracy theories my
lizard people and deep stage it and
create in de because there's 100% really
I love it dude but do you really like
you really believe in all the big ones
then you're like 9/11 9/11 is 1% in size
100 percent look at building six no one
talks about building there it's imploded
for me in you you believe though that
the US government conspired to make this
happen to fuel a war like is there one
of those of you I believe that the I
think that there are will calm the deep
state creates problems in order to beg
us to save us from those problems the
drug war yeah I mean we find out that
you know that the CIA and one of their
assets was Pablo Escobar how'd all the
cocaine get here you know where went
into Arkansas who's Governor Bill
Clinton well at the time was smuggling
all this cocaine in and that fuels the
cocaine the crack wars the crack
epidemic
to caval that stop so then they beg us
and save them the war against drugs blah
blah blah I think it's it's totally
their moon landing I don't know about
that one either we went to the moon we
have two options either we've never been
past the Van Allen belts install
bullshit and it's black ops to make to
take money and putting other stuff or
we're on every planet I don't think
there's any in-between I think we're on
more planets I think we're everywhere
saying yeah yeah why don't we not say
talk about it because I don't think I
think in my opinion if you start saying
that there are aliens and there's stuff
going out there I think one religion
goes out the door yeah the thought of
that we're the center of the universe
yeah and then everything revolves around
now there's like Japanese lizard people
running around right Thank You Bayesian
looking motherfuckers yeah that that
goes out the fucking door I think it
causes hysteria I think you're right
because there's so many hyper religious
people in this country they couldn't
handle and they control them through
religion yes now but here's my my one
reason that I don't buy into a lot of
conspiracy theories have you ever done a
military gig like when I was Sloan you
from country illegally stuff give have
you ever been on the flights where they
schedule you like you're going to go
from Kyrgyzstan to Kandahar you're been
on those militaries yes are they ever
organized or I think I'm just saying
that the military is so fucking
disorganized and you're considered a VIP
when you do those run I just don't think
that the government has that much
structure to be able to pull off these
things are just not that organ I
understand that I totally agreed that
but I think you always hear this a lot
like you know I've had discussion with
comedians or like somebody would say
something at some point you're like well
people have and they kind of get
discredited but the higher up you go
there's less people involved so the
numbers like I just one comic I can't
say her name did this like she did a the
super special forces like were the best
of special forces all come into one and
like every room she went to she had to
sign a new doc saying that she wouldn't
tell anybody about it and basically a
big killer if she said anything like
that's how I told you on your fucking
pearpod
no mere dog park but before you it gets
deep like we're not we have special
forces on like a hundred thirty
countries yeah it's like I can name 130
countries but I always feel like Jegs
one of the means the the level of like
for instance people that believe that
the moon landing is fake you would for
it to a be fake the level of the amount
of people that would be keeping a secret
right it would just it would be enormous
I mean you'd have to be fooling either
you're fooling everybody who that's
their work there's you know that know
right so it's kind of difficult to
believe or that everybody involved for
50 years never told a secret I
understand that too I'm just my opinion
is is that the the farther up on the
chain you get the harder and harder gets
there and they do a lot of a lot of an a
lot analyzing you your habits they spy
on you they get they get blackmail stuff
and the higher up you go the more you're
in the more you're in the more you have
at stake so it's not like everybody at
the bottom let's say like you're at The
Comedy Store yeah like there's a there's
the open mic errs yeah there's these
regulars
there's the headliners and then there's
like the super duper like theater dudes
who are all doing all that stuff that's
a very concentrated group of people
right and not everybody down here can go
up to here and hang out there it's like
it's very it's tears of it yes
and like to get in within a structured
environment to get up to that level it's
harder and harder yeah now you post
really great things on Instagram I love
your Instagram what is it that
absolutely and you have a great Facebook
feed and I was at you who posted the
other day that the elite powerful men of
the world are all pedophiles oh no
pedophile no it's true and here's OJ man
yes and here's the thing and now he's I
do you to Gate was pizza gate was used
to discredit the pedo gate so everyone's
like oh they're fucking kids in pizza
parlors no it's it's much different it
goes this is deep states away and it
before I good thing is I would not have
believed that had I not heard a woman on
Paul Gill Martin's mental illness happy
hour podcast who was a child victim of
this exact pedophile ring and they would
torture her keep her in a box put
roaches on her and rape her and she
would tell she tells a story on how and
I'm serious and she's an actual person I
don't think she made it up it sounds
horrible
well that weird weird shit does exist
within this is this more darker than I
feel like I come into podcast I just
change every time Oh with everything
this thing that was a terrible and it
gets ugly and there's a reason for that
and it's like the higher up you go okay
there's a couple there's a big
controversy going on right now and read
it in that there are a couple of YouTube
channels and Daniel Tosh did a big story
on it to have over like ten billion
views that are basically like corporate
child porn now they're not like kids
doing like but it's all insinuation you
know and it's like looks like so if you
freeze something it looks really creepy
and there's ten billion views on the
length right so what they do is my
opinion is is this is how they start to
gather people like they're they're
analyzing who are watching these head
these videos right and okay that's great
you're like okay we know this guy damn
but also other people would darker
things going okay who's who's maybe
susceptible to this type of stuff that's
secretly what they're maybe this guy's
running for politics right so now they
fast track these guys and they put them
in these weird awkward situations film
them and then they blackmail the fuck
out of them there was a famous producer
they used to throw cocaine and hookers
shows I mean in parties and he would
film everything so if you're up for a
negotiation they'd be he'd be like nah
dude I'm not gonna sign for that that's
bull she's like okay that's what is you
doin coke out some tranny hookers
asshole and then you're like okay I'll
sign for that it's like I mean as the
money you guys think there's truly into
the how are we suggesting is the idea
that people in power are all pedophiles
no - no but there's a lot
a lot okay dude listen I feel like I'm
okay so it might be within the
conspiracy theory community there's a
lot of anti-semitism and I like go in
there my girlfriend's Jewish and I go in
there and I go I go at it organized
religions there's always this like Oh
Jewish guys run the bank it's like it's
all bullshit it's all like organized
religions are to these very high up
people are just Halloween masks they
wear them to move around on or and be
because the truth of the matter is and
this goes sound crazy fuck it's
Luciferian shit it's like very it's not
like all hail Satan it's like very dark
art shit now at in the Vatican there is
a throne called the throne of Lucifer in
the Vatican in which the Pope sits and
behind him is this big demon you just go
oh it's like why is that in the fucking
Vatican world is weird it is really it's
really dark weird shit yes it all exists
because there's so many whack jobs I do
feel like the older I get nothing you
realize just how crazy everyone is and
especially with the internet you can see
how crazy people are all the time wait
are you please tell me are you a
believer that Sandy Hook is a hoax
I think there's interesting stuff to it
oh gee there's language rest what are
you talking about there's really I'm not
saying it did or didn't have really how
I'm saying there's interesting things
that don't make a lot of sense involved
with it like what like first of all okay
do we remember Columbine yeah okay what
are we seeing Kalla by people knocking
out windows like like shut up
trying to crawl out to get away we see
kids running all over the place we see
none of that we see one picture of one
woman leading a couple kids and it's a
still picture there's nothing out the UH
the mom who supposedly died like later
on she doesn't really exist she wasn't a
teacher there then it turns out she was
like a substitute teacher at another
school somewhere else so there's this
all these little things that we circled
oh man that's kind of weird but I mean
like if you go deep diving into it
and you gotta go really deep because if
you're expecting that the the six excuse
me all the alphabet networks to tell you
everything well back in the 90s the the
clinton's deregulate the media and we
went from eighty eight different
companies owning ninety percent of the
media to six companies owning all the
media so it's very and those companies
they make more money off of other shit
than they do off of the media so the
media is just used to fund their other
stuff
so anyways there's there's a lot crazy
well what about the fake moon landing
Garth Brooks we saw him yeah that was a
larger were weird he's faking
but that's the thing okay so the moon
landing isn't real but are they faking
like all these conversations with
astronauts and shit like when we see
them can't do too many interviews on
earth when you're you know hanging on a
wall there are thoughts about guys get
used to just that position or or is
there any time where the gravity's at
your feet at all is there a room in
there or you have to wait to get back
get out we we have to wait till we get
back
man I'm missing NASCAR man that's what
barbecue up here you know so yeah it's
kind of husky for an astronaut now yeah
you stocky very good company so thank
you from the bottom of my heart for
being such an inspiration to so many and
making those words count wow thank you
know she crying
yep thanks for hearing the music that
says that's a cool party and takes four
let me get to be a part of it so what's
going on there do you buy those tears
he's crying just it was you not watching
Garth Brooks that brought him to tears
yeah
burn the tears that I got I was like I
love I like your music
thank you called my roof I remember I
like that have you ever had someone
compliment you after a show and then
you're like what's the greatest
compliment homicide dick job it's really
dirty you don't want to hear it oh yeah
come on come on you'll see
you're in my opinion ease with your
conspiracy so just tell me as I said is
this it's nasty somebody was just like I
want to fucking do you know
good more the most gorgeous chicks I
ever see my life goes up and she goes
your comedy makes me feel the same way I
get when I eat my own pussy I was like
damn and I was like that's pretty nice
that's very nice another Republican
wheelchairs that were very thankful to I
did a Special Olympics show and they
were cool did they really yeah I did
that that's a true I talked about on
stage and what you I remember years ago
I saw you have a wheel to do your
wheelchair bits and I always get asked
to do it it's it's a young man's joke I
can't do it if I go down I can't come
back that's like you know you have your
memories of seeing stuff I remember Sam
seeing Sam do that in the main room like
a while like a long time ago I remember
you and I actually remember the same on
the same night you just have like you
remember bits and pieces I think that
member seeing Aron Kader yeah the same
night on the show we all got picked up
the same time at the world-famous Comedy
Store by mid sea shore she'd picked us
up because she wanted an Arab show and
Duncan was this is so true Duncan
Duncan's like Triple E are you uh Middle
East and I'm like I'm Armenian he's like
close enough and you told like there
used to be the secret that how to get
picked up by Mitzi and it was you do I
won't joke about your family member one
joke about your ethnic group and then do
your favorite bit and so I had this bit
that Joey Diaz loved then I was like
okay I might do that bit I did a joke
about my mom power-walking
then how me being furry going to the
mall I going to the beach and I did a
bit about Asians on ecstasy that I used
to do but other visuals are so much
better because there's so much smarter
right like dumb people's vigils are like
8-bit and their visuals are like Dobby
IMAX digital sound and I get off stage
and I saw Paul Mooney talking to her and
I'm like manis because back in the day
when you showcased economy store people
would hijack your show yeah
because they're hearing that because
they they weren't getting slot so they
had to talk to minsu so she remembered
him right so um I looked down at Paul
Muniz up in my fuck man and I'd had a
weird run-in with Mooney like two weeks
earlier in which I was onstage at this
show it at the hustler hustler adult
bookstore they had a comedy show there
and it was ran by this guy named Johnny
Montana who's like coked out of his
skull
and he would just do jokes about his
head shots for like every week and I was
doing a joke about how how hard it is to
be a white guy and I got off stage and
Paul Mooney ran up amigos Oh me you a
way use Armenian user and he dropped the
heart and bomb on me way lower not the
word damn word which one okay he goes oh
me you and why use up meaning and use it
nigga and I was like damn the dude who
coined the phrase basically called me
the word so I was like I don't know this
guy's like me or not so I know I go do
the set I do the set and I see him
talking to her and I'm like fuck loonies
talking to her well it turns out he
really liked me and he goes oh Mitchell
you got picked this guy's totally cool
and I'm always thankful to Paul Mooney
for that so I come out and I go and the
whole thing is after your showcase you
walk up to Mitzi and you kind of kiss
the ring right so I walk up and I'm like
hey Mitzi thank you so much for the
showcase she goes are you Syrian and I
didn't know what the fuck's hearing was
and I'm like yep I'm totally fucking
Syrian what I love being Syrian I love
Syrian food she's like okay I want you
in the showcase tomorrow night so Jay
David said had a huge show called Dublin
so I don't know if you guys were out
here during that war Dublin's was huge
he said go watch that show yeah and I
remember giving Jay Davis a VHS yeah
well I creepy and crazy too I tried to
do a doc on that move on that show yeah
and of course I got completely fucked up
by crazy people yeah but so he's doing a
show the next night in the main room I
did a showcase this is how cool Maz
Jobrani is he gets me in he's a great
guy cool stood you up for me one of the
guys who stayed real no matter what's
happened to him one of the most real do
Jimmy so a meta mad Aron Kader myself
are all showcasing uh Mazdas Arya
regular so we go up when we do our set
and we all have really good sets mods
wants to give Bret Ernst in so mods
disappears mods is like oh they give it
like we can't find mods like can we put
somebody else up they put them up they
put Bret Ernst up irons does a showcase
all four of us get picked up that day so
same day same day I miss what year was
it that was 99 or 2000 oh yeah mm we
thought seriously 100 percent fuck man
it was a year before 9/11 because she
wants she thought that like Arabs are
going to need a voice like that's how
crazy it was wow did you pick this up
but she made us be regulars and worked a
door like I had to work the door and
then you know four months after I moved
to LA in 2002 I met Sam we did The
Groundlings together and he was so fast
and like I used to be a real knucklehead
and you can either like a gun recognizes
a gun you know what I'm saying like
you're like okay this guy's fucking good
so you could be like either we're going
to be rivals or we could be friends
right and I'm like it is so fast let's
be friends so I did you what was done to
me in that I I joined an improv troupe
thinking it was a stand-up comedy show I
didn't know what it was and my friend
Victor Isaac who lives out in LA now is
like you're really funny come to stand
up I'm like you know and I go do you do
stand-up and you're like no I'm like you
fucking should do stand-up you're really
funny so I took you around for like a
week okay so are you saying that Sam
Triple E you're responsible for
encouraging young longtime to wear a
horse of course awesome Sammy like I
watched him what was the other what was
like a sushi restaurant kind of across
from Dublin yes oh yeah they had a show
there uh starts with a yeah I'm just
talking about the other day with a Doug
Stanhope Miyagi's yeah yeah and I was uh
I basically was like I don't know what
to do he goes gee just do spots and I
like I didn't you understand how that
what that meant
and I tagged along with Sammy with two
Miyagi's we went to the comedy store we
went one other place and so I just got
to see like oh so like and then he's
like you know like I'll just do this
here I'll try it here and like I watch
them do like 15 minutes set any leaks
just do it just do it just do it and
then but then you did a couple arrows at
that place above arm the improv school
on labret I let a show there right room
five I did a bunch of like those little
you know like and then unofficial trees
we're off mm-hm
I remember doing like I was I started to
know - I got a started doing the Improv
gave me emcee working oh for you move
quickly he did you're a businessman you
were Tom Sequeira
I always tell people is where I ran a
tiny room in Los Feliz called Tangier we
were all open my curse when Tommy
started stand-up when he was 23 years
old he was good immediately like you
were one of those apples oh I hate it
was like are you kidding me yeah he
started and he was better than all of us
and I was shitting me no I had you
closing out my open mic or show
essentially every week because you were
fun you're the funniest one okay so you
were fast food you Nick were fast and
Nick by the way WagonR we were also he's
also in Sam and my improv class he's the
one that introduced me because he was
also had done stand-up he introduced me
to a Booker as a comic so he goes you
should put he goes you should Tom's
great should have him and the lady goes
oh you're a comic and I just went yeah
and she goes all right April 22nd you
went to that show I was like yeah and
that's how I did my first thought I ride
and just just was like that always get
it that's how I like begin the copy so
another words cat what's her name cat
all right men right men and then there
was the trucker from a Smokey and the
Bandit smoking hot daughter who's dating
somebody from Lincoln Park
yeah legged dog she was dating the
drummer from Lincoln Park that's right
so ha horrible at improv right but she
didn't care it like now and everybody's
like you date the guy from the apartment
yeah I loved it she was like yeah I'm so
into it yeah then you just took off man
I remember you're doing all these little
spots and you were just gone and you
were just doing spot and then you were
just touring off of you bet you and
Sebastian both were rogue dogging right
out the gate yeah yeah Sebastian was so
the point thing about Sebastian is
Sebastian was Sebastian from the drop
house I agree persona was
there yeah I saw him yeah ten plus years
ago yeah doing a know our spot I was
just at the club once I did the belly
room I just do a bunch belly room shows
that weren't like official shows you
know and poppin and that dude was
exactly the same exact thing he honed it
and he went out with dice for a while he
ever dice he opened for dicey I never
would have ever expected that dice loved
him because he was like Italian digest
kind of got that Italian thing yeah and
I just went off and you just so um this
shit like Sebastian's new stuff feels
like polished material just is a way of
delivering and like and and like laying
out what the bit is that feels like a
finished product on the first take you
know it's like the first time he says
like I was at the gym that he's talking
about what happened at the gym today it
feels like I feel is a bit it's like
what happened today you know like that
Doug Stanhope in terms of that and he
would never say this but a like he's
been doing him so long he knows his
voice yeah that's what it is he can
anything happen goes right through the
voice box and comes out and figure out a
point of view yeah murders like this
yeah birds like that I'm sure you guys
like that came yeah I mean it's like if
you've done it long enough you know your
take yeah you know it's so inappropriate
tom when I were sitting around talking
about our favorite comics and I was like
my favorite comics or 50 year old white
guys like I just fucking love the Chimel
the louis c.k obviously like bill burr
in that wayne state we tell all these
white guys I've watched coming up and
you're like that to me that's still the
goal that's your layer older white guy I
love all our white guys wrong but I just
love them well they're masters yeah yes
there's yeah I think Tommy's going
through something right now where it's
like the actual humor is like the last
thing they care about in a weird way I
feel like there's so many people getting
pushed forward just because we need a
net and we need a biracial bisexual
person and you're like you know I'm
thinking about sucking black dicks in
front of everybody just to get fucking
something going you know just want Asian
just crushed Jamar neighbors dick in
front of everybody
just
somebody will fucking sign me to
something it's just like an out of trap
right y'all bears there's a city that I
believe suck that guy
I'm not right for Gilmore girl we should
be like the non-binary comic why don't
you sign on to that you have to pick
your pronoun or not that as you know no
one wrote me ma'am why does that mean
not your bro now you pick a pronoun you
could be as Emser Zay you can be your
man a woman a man what's your pronoun no
no what is your pronoun I'm Xin why
because you know I don't need to assume
that I'm a male okay yeah I mean you're
being really presumptuous and you're
determining my gender let me determine
what my gender I respect that
there you go I respect your non gender
gender thank you thank you for your
engine I don't want to say what's he
like okay don't you say what Zim Lee are
they I put I prefer they your they yeah
what's your pronoun oh that's
interesting
hey by the way I want to ask you this
because you do your conspiracy theories
conspiracy theory podcast which is
called tinfoil tinfoil how great and
crippling you ever address there's this
ridiculous conspiracy theory about like
Armenian Genocide okay you ever loved
that sure about that like they claim
that like they claim that like the Turks
right yeah there's a couple things about
that is that like do you address my
family go through that they told you oh
yeah they put on this whole charade
yeah it's really fresh it was really
great day to boohoo they got a couple
tattoos just made some shit up so when
did that supposedly like when's that
like 85 or something like that ain't no
I don't know it was way back I went
window what your 2009 excuse me 1917 oh
wow
and how many are purported to 120 oh no
Missy Anne do from billion a million
people a million people I come on a
million but do you really think that
many people died yeah why because
because because people told me because
the fucking letter networks a huge ABC
and CBS I had I had an uncle that was
involved in all that what did he do a
killer by my mother's uncle excuse of
your mom's uncle what was in a can
yeah uh he was uh he had a fucking
tattoo on him what did the Turks do they
came in leather I killed our dad but
like what I think it was baby last suck
our dick this sell our dicks buck what
would be bull suck our dicks bro what
what led to this had what was the event
that led to this well you know what's so
interesting about Armenians man is I do
I got a lot yet they do smell good we
shower in Cologne I do it I have the
longest running show ever at The Comedy
Store it is a 15 year charity event
happens once a year so yeah called the
Armenian bone marrow registry and a
cousin mine had bone marrow cancer and
she couldn't they couldn't find a match
she's a widow she is so she'd be too
naturally but her mom my cousin my
mother's cousin
yeah couldn't find a match of her in
this doctor named dr. freda Jordan
decided to start in an Armenian bone
marrow registry where our people would
get tested and see if their marrow
matched and it's like this event that's
insane because you actually see the
results of your your actions like
sometimes do charity event you're like I
hope somebody got that money you know
I'm saying but this one like they built
a giant hospital and Armenia and all
that stuff and the reason we have a
unique genetic makeup is that we're
basically inbreds
oh yeah because we're the only Christian
country it's surrounded by Murano Hajis
yeah the Hajis yeah those tell people so
it's like so we only hooked up with our
own you know right so it was like our
hookup app was like ancestry.com
genetically you guys are a disaster
yes yeah basically and that's why we
have to have this whole thing going on
so but the Turks do when they like suck
our dicks did they really have a knot
this was it this yeah it looks like our
dick okay
fuck you guys that is that guns or that
limp dicks just found you're not telling
two people a second okay go back for
your bag of Lies out I did just like
it's like Turkey Armenia let's go at it
yeah and then they just had a weird
thing and there were war crimes
committing and it's so interesting that
there's actually something
The Young Turks which is yeah and I love
their political views but you're
literally named after like that regions
Nazis you know they like they went slide
bunch of people and you're like so this
was like during World War one or this
was a 1917 would that be so that was I
think yeah right around that or a little
before it right I thought I'd be during
that is that right now right before 1945
was night of World War two 17 1970 yeah
1914 to 1918 yeah they're really
relevant yeah okay let's see armenian
sounds kind of upset about that
haha seem to be holding a grudge on fire
hell I mean we got him on movie that
didn't do well yeah yeah he also had a
great you had Christian but yeah we had
one movie I mean Jenny Kardashian's
aren't you are you stoked about that I
even season yeah I mean they're like the
most famous people ever look at Kim
Kardashian or her two younger sisters
class like think of Pepsi can cute you
know and people Pepsi everyone stops
fighting that was amazing so now they
put on a t-shirt you see this yes like
unbelievable being an elite fucking on
death these girls through their own
images up over like the doors pant-load
big name stood back and then how amazing
the backlash was so Swift that there was
I mean 20 I they were testing like they
wouldn get away with this everyone's
like fuck no you can't do like sorry
anyway and moved on like even it's a
blink of an eye though like we tried
people said no but I don't know that
they lost any of anyone that likes them
no no because the younger the the tweeny
boppers that were into them are like
who's biggie or who's whatever they're
ripping on it did you basically what
DJ's to literally DJ's do that like
puffy combs that's all I do we put like
ya at the club over like over like
everybody doing real thing in police
yeah which is all they did you like if
you were to take you and I'm gonna put
you right here and now it's like a right
I never thought of it like that right
there like it was for music yeah like
hang out with Armenians hello
think about a bag when Biggie's mom came
out and was like so perso about it they
could have been like did you guys
contact sting you put out that's true
it's so true man because it's a hip-hop
did especially puffy who I by the way I
loved him I loved Eddie I think he's a
genius that guy is like a mogul and
brilliant in so many ways but his era
specifically was like that's a hot song
I'm just going to go to it and I take
that take that take and that people were
like that's an awesome story what did
you come up with that even like that's
fucking the stone yeah they he not get
did he not get penalized they borrowed a
license end up paying a fortune to do it
yeah that's the thing is it I guess it
is ultimately worth it you make enough
money yeah yeah vanilla ice ice ice baby
is just under pressure but he got
screwed on that he was tried today
there's that great interview where he's
like that Darren and and then am I've
done in a tenement that's not going to
hold us all right dude to take from like
anything involving Freddie Mercury is
like blasphemy I mean the song is
amazing
have you ever seen Queen at Wembley
Stadium now it is not just a music the
greatest performance I've ever seen in
my life
like this guy owns this crowd like I've
never seen anybody own a crowd before
he's running around he's got those bad
British teeth with her just like it
looks like a gateway to a haunted
fucking house right it's just like the
gate yeah
wait we didn't finish our oh yeah we're
still in the international trade by the
way it says that Armenian Genocide is a
hoax
so moving along nobody noticed we've
been watching you guys for a while I
noticed the gentleman from Russia popped
back there
what's it like up there where there's
nothing other than what you have in
common is why you're together that's got
to be a great feeling and I bet you guys
probably just forget that you're from
different places something going on -
there's one okay at the highest levels
of like business yeah these CEOs they
love to go to like dominatrix and just
get the shit kicked out of them yeah
because I got did this shit yeah not him
right now like man you guys just sing
about freedom of ever see that's what
bothers us so yeah he's a liar
I don't believe that this is offensive
now I don't think he can take her I
think he what to be like you guys take
shits out in the face right now is that
pretty work yeah well the first question
was a normal question her feel like is
not gravity gravity that was the first
question that that's like shall we - now
he's like ever I love me and I asked
them yeah yeah music you are you from
everything comes from Oklahoma home yeah
shucks shut up
yeah fuck it ask ask about the shit
that's really what I would ask them to
come all over my face how do you guys
turn off that's a no way yo'ii
yogurt i want a nut y'all have
pornography out there
you have to be off upside down right so
shut up we're good where does the Congo
that was up in space jacking my dick
space jack yeah that's the song that I
wrote but yet you'll those like there's
so much of this in entertainment though
in general like that it's almost got
like politics where it's like you have
to have this pristine image to get
anything going
I'm not bullshit that's why these
podcasts are great right you literally
make it no different - like I just did
an hour and a half of press before this
on the phone radio for upcoming dates
and it's like you know you could tell
when they're cool right away it's like
it's like you're just 30 seconds in
you're like all right man and then
sometimes they're like my wasn't here be
married to a comedian once
I like and I'm like a fucking and I just
start like you know I'm like like one of
those like so is your wife coming on
this show I want to bring her with me
yeah he's like um all right I didn't
mean to upset ya I'm like I'm fucking
kidding yeah and like it just he was so
they all asked the automated questions
you know what can people expect of this
oh my god
and it's just it's all corporate dude it
is not such a world out there yeah did I
think and you see happening in comedy
right now it's like I'm starting to like
you know like I couldn't call Sue and
hire me because I was crazy yeah but now
it's like comedies caught up to what I'm
doing Cummings in a good place right now
it's in a great place and like these
clubs are still like I need clean comedy
it's like that doesn't exist
yeah world not real did you ever do
juniors in here II know you hear that we
would hire me of course not they knew
what was up they they had a no cursing
no innuendo no bad table I did it twice
I did as a feature and a headliner and I
got one time I got she's like did you
see penis when you're up there now like
what anatomically correct and she's like
all right but just please where is that
exist in the Mormon like you know
ultra-religious that's the thing is the
fear is that somebody won't buy a ticket
to your dumb show or some sponsors going
to pull out you know this guy sells out
multiple Arena like Johnny can we see
more exam or purely ridiculous releases
mix do you ever just forget your
difference isn't learning I doubt was in
yourself or do you is there somewhere
that has although not put it in myself
oh my god only about 600 on yeah okay
Sam you remember all them
and seven years of them you've never
done drugs have you lie it's been a
while yeah yeah
OMG well I do think that I'm my buzz
word when international culture it's one
where we're supportive of each other as
a team is not worrying about what
nationality we are I think whatever good
the nationality just be defined on your
knowledge of stuff and sharing that with
each other that's a it's a great mess
are that people is a great mess no fuck
it so wait would you rather the guy just
said that I'm a lady with the Dairy
Queen drivin fucking you want to be a
large that is by the way you imagine her
her telling you what you did wrong
in the order she would totally be your
manager Oh like Cory did so many things
run first of all you didn't welcome them
right I didn't say your name and the
greetings oh why didn't you ask if you
wanted sprinkles on that right Tommy
okay would you rather have sex with a
mousse soup lady moosa bleeding or the
female astronaut oh oh dang I feel like
Sammy doesn't know what we're talking
about now really fair so let's uh key
him in on the moose soup lady the there
was a speed boat race and I think West
Virginia and this lady was watching she
watched the guy wipeout and we don't get
to see her but she's the moose who
played with us we imagine her and we
have imagination of what she's like so
you can hear her fuck you guys are doing
good is that Charlie calm down there for
monsoon all right come down here after I
got goose soup and everything all right
all right you guys are doing good hey I
got you on video dirty what of us
oh yeah too bad girl why don't you think
that she has a horrific sexual history
for me she was the town bike
there's no way everybody rides all right
yeah yeah 30 seconds of video he's a
combination of like cafeteria lady would
bus driver ride with fucking DMV worker
a family so today having packed all of
them all of them Oh thankful what is the
brand what do we think oh I'm thinking
generic now I think more rolls our own
yeah or some kind of Native American one
we'll see I don't think he rolled around
it because that's just too much labor
I guess she's late and gets packed she
buys the cartons at it oh yeah
like if she was like Sami go get me a
pack and you brought back a single pack
she's like a pack means 20 pack you
fucking idiots it's like but she she
would get on your only regular 100
percent
yeah care yeah there's no way that does
not involve a muumuu ya know and like
you're like both we all three guys on
that boat are fuckin if she could they
come over for moose soup that is part of
the equation so right for every way the
new soup so wait a minute how do you
choose the necklace so the asexual NASA
astronaut lately like a look at it up
here on orbit we have kind of an
international culture oh do you so it's
either her or who we imagine the MU soup
lady to be what are you definitely this
one
this will be horrible sex yeah but I
think I still think she's less
disgusting I think I would go astronaut
chick all day yeah why is that family
why oh I mean she she probably keeps
everything together she probably does pH
balance on her vagina like she puts a
little pH thing make sure that the
acidic fuckin right I don't bother you
that she doesn't like men or that
doesn't cut you off
I've worked out the lesbians before yeah
I built like once a fuck have you really
hooked up with a lesbian all dude there
was this chick in Arizona and she was my
brother used to run strip bars and I
would always go do the gigs in Arizona
and I want to hang out with the triple-e
men sometime I feel you guys just have
story imagine me more ah my brother's
awesome I would say he's a little more
conservative than I and he's her guy who
runs a strip bar he's he's a little more
one of those libertarian dudes you know
uh so we're kind of the same I'm just a
little crazier he's more conservative
and uh you know so he'd run these strip
bars I'd show up there's this one girl
was a stripper and she was just like you
know I've been a lesbian for the last
like five years you're the first dick
I've had insula you feel like Jackie
Robinson you know it's like you got to
represent her people if you fuck this up
they never get a shot again right so I
just had to work my ass off so yeah dude
I'm hooked up with it it's not it's it's
interesting as shit
well me wouldn't they be less responsive
to no they into it at all yes yeah is
into it she was into it I did I ever oh
yeah I told us the last time I was on
show but there was just like lesbian in
Dana Point she was like a lipstick
lesbian she was gorgeous yeah and she
probably got cheated on by her boyfriend
ran into a lesbian for a little while
you know so so I guess sometimes they're
hot I've done that I've been like I'm
Giggs we're lesbian couples come out and
you know the ones the dude and the ones
the chick and the chick is fucking hot
she wants to get weird you know so
you're going for the astronaut yes over
the fucking Large Marge
McCarron er I think I'm gonna go with
this astronaut to that other lady I mean
the Moose soup lady is horrifying fish I
can take out her teeth gum it she'd be
gumming yeah oh but the thing is with
with NASA lady is that she is a sexual I
mean there is not a hormone there's not
an estrogen left if she likes guys to
begin with she was very different you
know she's mine
sure no do you guys remember the old
police academy movies Network labs along
with the big racket like militant but
you still love it she could be that
she'd be like she could be like a mullet
you know what I'm saying business up
here once cameras off fuckin party back
there you know I'm saying she might like
to get weird BAM but like she's like I'm
a woman I have to work harder I can be
more serious and then offstage she's
just gobbling Russian dicks
no I'm saying trying to bring people
together could be why you guys that drop
and just start sucking them off right
man yeah it could be it could be I mean
I still think this is a far far better
option then calm down man here for
myself I think so I think that bad one
oMG us what happens next with Garth oh
yeah here we go fascinated by him when
he introduced you to my better 99.9%
mister would actually make a trip with
us here today so I wanted to come
tration here is Trish hey Trish hi how
you doing - how's that for a power
couple is fucking their land oh that was
power couple
this is you trick I feel like this nerd
set it up and then the space lady's like
who fucks this bitch like yeah like gnar
this whole thing you setup is all for
you it's aria like went up Chris Thalia
mentions you might have a girlfriend on
stage all the girls like oh she's like
Oh Garth Brooks oh here's my wife oh man
what's Tricia gonna say what's ha gasps
Maddie loves Jun for America a very bald
eagles oh ho watching you guys and
listen to both of you and just thank you
both for your service and unguarded
smell we said all that but just honored
to be here and just I can't get over it
join the spinning microphone and the
sock you guys are just a natural how
much money you got to make to do that
like you like them jump money on you
you're already making good money to
start being like this but being like
that dude he's probably he's probably
making like right now with his touring
like 80 to 100 million a year okay
easily would you do that for 180 million
like that like oh man
yeah you got good cooking up there what
I think so I think so
baseball yes catch baseball like America
I would love to be a medication could
you and then have you and the people
that like listen this project hold me
accountable like you like remember when
you were like this and they show Oakland
with me and I ha ha ha before cars shot
yes before Minutemen different yet I
just go off and I you look at something
like this you know yeah I honestly don't
think I could even know what to say like
to be normal to act normal do you know
even how do you even do this how you
learn the script of what's normal no
matter how high you guys are you're not
higher than Jesus yes so it just shows
you see God enough you know God's Hass
having you right now do you really feel
like you're closer to God can you see
the Angels Kara like that but you listen
to like this it's like there's only boy
like you ever heard that song they use
in all commercials life follow me into
the jungle you ever hear that all oh you
into the jungle I don't think so
so this song that there's rock band in
every fucking commercial but then so on
Tommy might be good idea to play it live
at some event it is the most dogshit
song so ever because it's only meant for
commercial right but please look there's
like huge down Josh
if you weren't exposed to certain types
of music like I never knew that like
Ford like a rock that's a song yeah I
didn't know that is rock with that
figure oh that's a real song I didn't I
thought that was just for Jean yeah yeah
yeah really like a song in a commercial
then you hear in real life and I like it
married time anyway as a host like whoa
you Turkish bro
it's Seger's Bob Seger but then there
yeah that's it why they just had see how
Tories bi Jena Budweiser commercial oh
yes what's disgusting gross but then
there are songs that are real that I
can't believe are real like the other
day we were in the kitchen going in a
shirt or there stand up yeah next do you
wind up in her so Toby hey like that's
real and we all love that love that's
why they're like the equivalent
super-clean comics you ever meet like
they're so angry and they're bitter and
they treat people like shit because they
made business decisions sure you know
Gore's probably the nicest people to
hang out with those Gator fucking waxed
like the most deviant comedian either
the one or they're like no one said to
me the other day that Nick DiPaolo is
the nicest guy in the world I go I
totally make sense to me yeah because he
goes up and says everything he wants to
say on state yes David tells like that
super nice the people am Tripoli's like
that Ari Shaffir is like the nicest guy
you know and then you look at the
monster that Bill Cosby is right and yet
they're talking about bullshit for years
I'm not even that a nice guy no you're
not and then on top of that so you're
telling all those people so hard yeah
telling other people how to do comedy
right like that was really my biggest
problem with the whole lives of
Schlesinger thing was that she was like
all your work a dirty blob of
low-hanging fruits like you're not doing
rocket science up there you know and I
love you to death but it's like I'm just
tired of like people who make business
decisions getting mad at people who go
up there and just try to give a piece of
their soul
are you know yeah or I you know being
the Carl Sagan of dick jokes which I've
often called myself um I just like to go
out there and just fucking have fun and
like you know financially it's it's let
itself to where it is you know and I
just like do you what don't worry about
what if you want to be a business person
go do it just don't tell other people
how they should be doing comedy that's
my whole point
yeah I don't don't tell everyone else
right yeah it's like you want to be a
rapist who does clean comedy yay for you
Bill Cosby yeah right
how is that not the whole time charade
he gave so much so many unsolicited
lessons to people cause he like how to
live how to dress how to fucking
remember that Wanda Sykes moment wears
like she's like how'd you guys do back
in old days and he's like we spoke
English I'm like it was like there oh
yeah at that at the award show yeah yeah
many find out he's probably roofing
everybody there oh man what I like art
there's a sterling sharp guy and not
something Darren sharp
he was sharper he was a football player
he don't give that to Sterling Sharpe
Jesus Christ one guy who went to jail
for like forever he was like a Hall of
Famer good-looking black athlete there
with our riches shit and you would be
roofing girls super yeah you could just
statue his prison for a long time now
yeah fucking terror that is really crazy
man that he put that dude he was a leak
for a long time yeah it was like all
decade and then like all the charges
were like in in the division town it was
that he's like oh I hear like foreign
Worland
yeah actually check to the schedule no
extra baby right clothes were Bhutan
yeah
piece of shit yeah I forget who said
this years ago they're like the best
serial killer would be a traveling comic
well there was the guy who was a rapist
a famous comic who was like ever he'd go
play campuses and there were rapes on
every campus where he performed yeah
they just looked up his schedule so
weird right it just like his fuckin
signature is still on the wall at the
comedy magic club oh really
yeah it's tough because you know they
everyone signed things for you and
they're like that dudes
Darren Sharper was on the Hall of Fame
ballot yeah oh yeah well I mean yeah we
remember after oj got keys it took like
NBC like a month to fire him let's not
go crazy let's hold off for a little bit
vince champ that's his name
yeah that's the comedian no that was
raping people yes
is there any comedy of him on the
YouTube analytics he was beat he wants
Star Search and I see no well yeah there
you go see ya proves our theory yeah the
biggest psychos are the ones who are
pretending not to be who are I'm just
relatable I'm just talking about things
every like I'll say you have to work
dirty to be funny am i right oh my god
oh my god what's up with Walmart am i
right oh my god
cats and dogs they're different they are
totally different yeah there is that
that um what's-his-name has been on here
before I'm uh
brighto bridenstine he told that great
story about Norman Donald in Iowa yeah
20 years ago where he went and it was it
was billed as a family-friendly show and
it was like three or four thousand
people and they bought and Darrell
Hammond went up then Jim Breuer and the
norm and norms first joke was about he
saw a video of a pig fuckin a woman as
bright OHS at the show he says as he's
saying it like you just see like head
stand up and then norm was like what you
want to talk about losing your luggage
at the airport I'm with you dude towards
the room but we'll come for that they
like this I wish I do there's part of me
that wishes I could like that stuff
oh I all the time I wish I were normal
inside and I could and I could just
watch friends marathons and think
they're fantastic I want to love network
television let me love this I say one of
those couples doing they're going around
the world that's crazy and I just like I
go home I I like be my mother is like
this she's like convinced Islamic rapist
jihadists are everywhere in upstate New
York we live by cows by the way there's
a cow crossing a block from where I love
that the conspiracy theory guy can't
believe his mom as a conspiracy right
that's about the buddies watched too
much CNN right yeah sure too much of
that shit so I like she's like she
wanted to come see me in Syracuse I was
playing the funny bone and she wanted to
stay in my hotel room like I'm the only
guy who brings back chicks after your
mom after your fucking show but she
comes and she slept with her purse in
the bed uh uh next to her like this and
I'm like mom the only person could steal
that is me that what are you trying to
say about me but she uh all she watches
his ACN and it just every shows a gay
guy selling real estate in fucking
Manhattan but she pleased right she's
happy to continue just loves it yeah she
just loves it but every shows a gay guy
selling fucking Newsday you know what's
good good no I'm scented the one shows I
don't understand why anybody can watch
are those like the Kelly and Regis in
the morning like that that Kelly rip on
whoever now it's Ryan Seacrest where
they talk about nothing for an hour like
who's who's tuning in what weird shit do
you think Ryan Seacrest is into I've got
a darn weird shit he's big on that like
Garth persona too like hey guys like all
smiles yeah we got the special kids from
the Olympics here Matt and they really
let us know we could do anything we
dream about it we'll be right back with
special kit and any times and what do
you think that the thing he says it next
is get this fucking Jew to stop looking
at me he says there's no way he doesn't
like to get pegged in the ass there's no
way he gets whatever weird chick he's
doing a reality show with put a big
fucking angry red dildo and just no Lube
just Ram it don't tell him
hurt him make him cry and that's how who
gets on the show for he's rapping in the
weird shit allegedly yeah yeah yeah so
many of them do especially with these
these phony personas men good you know
it's not funny at all the fucking
president and he actually gave me a
shout-out I want to do Wow show you guys
yeah it's pretty nuts saw this video
thank you very much mr. Trump for for
mentioning me clean the water champion
Tom yes the water champion he still is
the world champion and I'm still running
this motherfucker you
right still running the motherfucker
game looks wrong you heard it right
looks wrong still running the
motherfucking anything but you can't be
a water champion you two back oh yeah
damn
well I articulate my president I love a
lot of presidents yeah my god that guy's
eloquent when knows what's today
okay we've been ran you out the industry
I don't know what you're doing it yep
look truck running instant knife holders
stay out my motherfucking innocent yeah
you heard right stay out my
motherfucking English who I let the
Secret Service 1y along you problem you
know it's the most presidential thing
bomb is his gold grills that smell of it
no hair is the fucking pheasant oh yeah
it is wig I got a good and his skin is
so clean
yes yes unbelievable man he's keeping
his promises he's building just like
whoa its hat in motherfucking time
taking us all over the world that's
right I'm taking it all over the world
on my tool from the hood to the White
House right my tool from the hood to the
White House Haley you ready oh sure wait
out of the prompt for Trump to come on
John 90s i order you little trump 90s
baby
well I meant Trump will calm down it's
lil Lil Trump yeah little Trump 90s on
Instagram let the president was my
president and you know check him out I
think my president this guy's definitely
my president my presidency Sherman he's
a much better than the old says he was
real I'll take him here right here he'll
get you done he's getting it done look
at that p.m. from Germany pregnant right
I mean that guy would totally hit
Merkel's and her name her are yeah yeah
I all right yeah
holy resurrection totally raw dog you
get a fucking trace back going get your
pregnant now you got working me you have
my baby right Merkel you would
definitely drop a seed and Merkel and be
like we got it so different I know right
yeah such an old picture we gotta update
discussion yeah we took that it Sears
years ago showman ready news it's so
great they looked at us like what the
fuck are you guys you look like you're
that one brother in that family of the
parents who had 90 kids and but you're
the one who blessed all of them can you
figure blasted all your sister okay to
me
Jesus Sue's now it's never ah man
wait so that people know you mentioned
there's an album out
is there an album out I have a double
album out a double album it's called the
diabolical the first album is a
storytelling I got some great stories
about how I got away from a police
helicopter chase a couple eggs I did in
the desert some crazy shit Special
Olympics show and the second album was
called Friday night Late Show and it's
basically me bombing for an hour
really I still admire the guys that do
shit like that I'm putting it out there
where did you record that sacramental
punch line and they were just sloppy
sloppy and I'm like you know what how
many times you be able to pull out a
double album I'm like fuckin I'm gonna
put it out and see how it goes and uh
about five minutes and I realized this
guy was not playing along
yeah thank you and then I just start
ripping them a new asshole for like 45
minutes
and I had the best time really yeah so I
put it out so it's like two hours of
power and there's like this is their
major bombing moments oh yeah but even
my bombing is entertaining I go out in a
blaze of glory you know and go for it
oh yeah I'm gonna leave a mark I'll grab
the fucking plane fucking controllers
slide right into the building I don't
give a fuck you know I'm saying that I
like that I mean that's just
Oh our late-night ya hominid you gotta
get blood from a stone sometimes with
that comedy show I mean on what I
explain to people what late-night oh are
means even though so that they know okay
the best way to describe it you are the
hundredth man at a ninety nine gangbang
it is it is sloppy beat up ready to go
home and you gotta somehow get a
reaction from this crowd everything's
been talked about a thousand times
they've seen every famous person they've
ever wanted to see and you just gotta
somehow get them to not only laugh but
you can't you've got an entertainment
enough that they stay for the next guy
yeah so there's all this kind of
pressure on you to do it
I love it on those late-night spots two
people ever like do you see guys just go
like if this sucks
but just like just appetizer spot you're
like mom fuck it and like not try does
that happen I I think occasionally that
happens but I think like all the people
at the end are kind of like friends with
everybody and we kind of all gotta like
we I got keep these people here for the
next person you do you really do I think
everybody kind of works together in this
weird way and I have energy at that hour
right and it's it's the Comedy Store I
mean like regardless of whether you're
doing a oh you know a 9:45
or a 1:00 a.m. it's still the Comedy
Store yeah and no matter how how late
you are you've still blessed to be like
one of what 3,000 4,000 5,000 comics in
LA to get a spot in that room yeah and
that time right so it's like there we
had like 40 people working that night
basically yeah like you know I mean I
crazy like in a city a mess that this
this size the attrition rate is so crazy
for comedy like when we all started
around the same time when you think
about who we started with it's crazy
it's harder than Harvard Law like it's
so hard there's nobody left
it's basically commie store versus New
York City comedy like that's all if
there was no Comedy Store
I think la comedy be in really bad shape
but it's the one place it's kind of
Mecca whereas you go out to like New
York it's like such a different fun vibe
out there and you can explore but I
think the Comedy Store is one place
where you can take well I'll know the
lineups are so killer now but it's like
it's Mecca so it's like even if you're
doing one o'clock in the morning spot
you still want to do the best that you
can
yeah because if you start tanking it
they'll take that way from you and
they'll put somebody else in there who
they will watch it though okay keep an
eye keep tabs on will get out it's like
you know like this guy's daddy snitches
to man there's some snitches crybaby
bullshit going on which I wouldn't
rolled and never talking bad about a
comic to a Booker I think that's just
the worst fucking for you that's real
shitty I think that's so low I mean like
it's just below stealing Joe to go
stealing jokes and then shit talking now
even if I don't like somebody yeah
would never talk shit to them to a
Booker but people do that and so you get
those late-night spots I think they're
the only the only spots of work on shit
store right those early spots man you
got a fucking sling heat yeah because
it's just murders ro yeah when you get
like past 11:30 it's like it starts to
thin out you can take a couple more
chances that's kind of what I do miss
that part of the comedy Shore where it
was like a workout room but I also
understand that you know Adam and Eric
and all those guys have to have that
place sold out or I'll still knock it
down turn into like a fucking
condominium or some shit like that yeah
and by the way that as far as workout
rooms I feel like there's really nothing
like the belly room the belly room is
like fucking amazing I'm starting a new
room it's called the dojo and I'm going
to start doing it we're doing it
Thursdays and the goal is to kind of get
it going so it's like you can actually
go work on shit that'll be great it's
right down the street from the Comedy
Store it has a show would start at 8:00
you guys could do your spots and then
run down do your store setting but you
can do 1520 of just working on shit see
I like when it's I like what in the show
like people say work on shit and all
kinds of shows but I like when it's
designated as such like when it's
advertised as such so the audience goes
this is an actual gym right now that
changes the dynamic of the show you
really feel like you can take real
chances it's not like you're doing a
regular Saturday night show somewhere
and they're like work shit out and
you're like okay well it's like when the
show that's why I like that that
stand-up on this spot and I love that
shit you're me walking yeah and use of
new material show it's like this is this
is not proven stuff this is you know I
mean you really feel like you can really
jump in you have to be able to fail yeah
and sometimes in LA it's very hard yeah
like The Improv is like Pablo Francisco
a long time ago told me never work a new
shit The Improv like that's the office
as for the industry goes hangouts now
the Comedy Store is kind of that yeah
but it's like and then it used to be at
The Comedy Store because there was like
20 people in the crowd and everybody was
doing coke in the back and fuckin having
weird fuck weirdness you could work on
shit but it's not like that anymore so I
I'm working on this play
every night you sit fucking 50 people in
there it's packed out it's a great idea
we let us know when when it's up in
return my goal is to get going Wednesday
through Saturday and have this guy my
buddy TK him and I run it and then you
could show up every day whenever you
want to work on shit wait is it TK
what's his name yeah I forget T case
last night but he's like I'm around
forever yeah but he yeah he's a friend
of mine and I cuz it's at this bar that
I saw and like the use of an upstairs I
might just be great place for comedy
club and I go there in TK throne room
we've been friends for a long time like
I want to do a new room here so a new
night he's like let's do it so we've
done it it's been packed out the last
two times I want to start getting you
every week I want to get it so it starts
running it at L cool by the way I think
it's so funny that they had like the old
cheat code - getting passed from the t1
yeah I love that that it was like ethnic
thing family thing your favorite bit
right what I I wish I'd known that I
fuckin did not get passed for her and I
remember I was on stage and I look and
she was you know straight back like
we're Adam basically sits and I could
I'm in the middle of like first bit or
like second bit and I can see her
talking to somebody I'm like ah getting
hijacked and like yeah yeah and I'm just
like trying to like say what I'm saying
and then I you know I'm turning here and
I would look back and she was I could
see her still being like other like just
having a conversation I was like fuck
and then I you know what happened to
like not should no man but a comic the
same night I remember this opened with
like I know what you're thinking like I
look like this past yeah well she was
old school you know and she's little but
she she had a vision - oh yeah there's
all these famous stories of like famous
people coming up calling her up going
hey I'm blah blah blah blah blah blah
I'd love to play your club and she's
like I'm getting a fuck hang up you know
so I
she treated me well I don't know what it
was I was getting tons of spots in there
and it was a blessing it was also kind
of curse because you like you're getting
like five spots a week at the Comedy
Store
I don't
go on the road I make money here I'm
doing all these live shows selling all
this ad stuff you know I mean it's
making all these sponsorship money so I
don't want to go on the road as much as
I did and then it's like becomes this
kind of false victory so I think the key
is to do a little bit there then go out
and practice your kung-fu out there it's
like now you're getting a lot of spots
there and it's like it's such an
interesting thing the reason I think
it's one of the hardest rooms to do is
because there's no host you have to go
up maybe luggage five o'clock fire like
Rogan just flame throw that fucking room
and guess who has to go up right after
that you're right here and you're not so
interesting it makes you up your game
you gotta you know you can't really fuck
around it makes you focus on what you're
doing I think I'm going to ask to follow
ideas all the time
just to see if I could crack that code
because it's just I mean it's a
combination of like funny well-written
super energy like I like I filed in a
couple times for the first five minutes
unlike Charlie Brown's mom no one's
listen I'm like ma la la la wah wah wah
wah wah it was like show me there's it's
also telling then after they settled by
the way that dude especially for 15 to
20 minutes is a nightmare
like you know it's like that amount of
time for him is like because he can
really like just drop a grenade you know
it doesn't have to like it's broken used
to bring me out with them and I'd always
have to follow Diaz yeah yeah and one
time in San Jose dude he opened up and
did like 12 minutes of like next-level
ass eating material like next-level and
I just want to go what do I have that
can follow that yeah and it's nothing
people nothing and you know get why are
you making me father's guy I go
following Joey Diaz at a Joe Rogan show
is like featuring or middling for Van
Halen but the opening act is David Lee
wrong you know I had it I had a number
of Rogan tour dates where I would follow
him to that I'll be like this sucks man
yeah I used to be you know I do just
settle in hard to the material not try
to fight what he had done just try to
like stay in the in the material and see
if like maybe a minute later
kind of gravitate to you that's kind of
what I've learned man over time like at
some point at the Comedy Store my
material was carrying me when I was like
had Bambi legs you know where my god
yeah just let the material carry me
right now it's kind of like I can follow
anybody I've been mean like horse during
my first two years of The Comedy Store
for at least the first year I got bumped
by dice every night he just come in he
would come in find me on the lineup be
like I wanna go here and he would just
do an hour before me and then Rogen I'd
the foul Rogen all the time so any week
I was either following Rogan dice or
Eddie Griffin doing literally two and a
half three hours I remember seeing him
do by the way wave you know I worked
there just hanging out there and he was
like standing on room on tables in the
oh are like walking from table to table
smoking and talking about Jewish
conspiracy theories oh yeah about how
the highways or the roads in DC how they
designed them I was like what is going
and I wasn't a regular there so I was
just like Stephanie I'm like this what
happens here yeah this guy's talks about
these crazy theories and and smokes and
nobody says he like it was bananas to
watch you know like I was really I was
so floored by what I saw and not in a
good way
I was just like I need to stay away from
this place they did not well I was born
and bred in that shit yeah and then I
would go on the road and thinking
everything's the Comedy Store and just
go nuts and it was just like it was like
wrong thing so I had to readjust myself
it's interesting to go out going okay
not everything's the comedy source so my
style in comedy I call a Gator roll it's
where it's like you know alligators
killed things they they grabbed at the
top and then they slowly dragged it down
and then they drown it and around its
are really simple but maybe some shit my
pants material right bring them in
relatability and then next thing you
know I'm doing a bit about smoking crack
with this fucking black robot guy that
happened to me one time there you go
calm down there for myself perfect good
dude give me give me the plug where can
people find everything guys check out my
double album the diabolical it's on
iTunes it's two hours of super power yes
tripolis album it's great I'm going to
shoot a special i'ma shoot my own
special Aaliyah and I'm just gonna put
it out I'm not even gonna try to sell it
anywhere where you gonna shoot it you
know I'm trying to find the right place
I want to do the Viper Room because I
just love doing stand-up there I'll be
perfect for you and it's got kind of
like a name cachet and it's just really
small and simple I just want to shoot it
name your price and I probably shoot
that in the next month or two you're
gonna wear your missing Magoo glasses or
no I don't know man I don't know I'm
sorry pop rap video like I you know I
might have cornrows buy them and then
check out my podcast tinfoil hat I just
did a swap cast with a Duncan Trussell
and then I just did one with Doug
Stanhope just go to tinfoil hat with Sam
Triple E and check out my YouTube page I
upload something every day youtube.com
backslash Sam Tripoli I'll put up
something I call opiate for the asses
which is just 30 minutes of just crowd
work me ripping people and then I do
something called twerking in politics
where I take twerk videos from Instagram
and I put political messages over them
and I try to spell you're a madman I
love your Instagram and wait do you
still do punch okay yeah I do punch
drunk with Ari Shaffir I want to show
you guys the bleaching but we're out of
time but I did with Ari Shaffir and
Jason Tebow and you know we're about to
launch our own network we're I've dog me
a year ago but the fucking websites
finally done good and we're going to
just get a all sports comedy channel
Cohen I'm happy for you again I love you
you're the size of a car you're the
power couple of comedy you're by far the
funniest and you're the fact that you
guys you guys are huge any and you guys
should be on everything all the time but
I think you guys have your own wonderful
things going on you don't fucking need
that you're the fucking two funniest
people I know and you're the nice people
I know we love you we love you thanks
for coming did I hijack your show no
okay
not at all it got weird with the
pedophilia no no I mean I think we
weirded him know we do the thing about
marrying your mom and stuff like in the
very commentary
it's all it's all good man hey dude
never gets weird enough here I jerked
out to a cousin what's going fine
cousins these two married cousins and
royal families just like the gays just
like a good case so you guys please
check out all of Sam's stuff thank you
again for listening to the show and
we'll leave you with Toronto at the end
of the month
oh-ho see ya the ballad of top dogs
balls by skid thank you always for
sending in the music and we'll leave you
with that and we'll see you next week
bye guys my jeans I'm seeing my dad's
balls
let's take my dad's balls let's sing my
dad's balls is balls word enormous let's
take my dad's balls let's see my dad's
balls
involves word enormous
gigantic okay
[Music]
dr. song
it look like animal testicles animal but
don't just look like animal testicles
animal testicles it's awesome
[Music]
[Applause]
No
[Music]
[Applause]
Oh